---
layout: post
title:  "Brea, California Search Engine Optimization"
permalink: /brea-california/search-engine-optimization/
date:   2024-02-10
categories: brea
---

Is your website not getting any traffic? Have you considered optimizing your website for search engines so that it can be found by people in the Brea, California area?

**What is Search Engine Optimization** Search Engine Optimization or SEO is the process of making adjustments to your website both on and off page to improve it's rankings in search engines like Google, Bing, and Yahoo.

Hello! My name is Ruben and I can help. I've been creating content that ranks in the top pages of Google's search results for the last few years and I'd like to help you and your website get found.

## The Importance of Optimizing your Website For Brea, California 

Search engines are amazing tools that can help you learn more of just about anything. All you simply do is type in keywords surrounding the topic into a search bar online and like magic you get a ton of information surround that subject. 

Search engines are also great for more about businesses around you. Websites like Google and Yahoo can help you learn more about individuals, products, and services in the brea area.

For these reasons it's important that you Optimize your website especially if you want to be found in and around the Brea, California area.

## How Google and Most Search Engines Work

The way Google works can sound complicated but when you break it down it becomes really simple to understand.

The moment you finish typing your question into a search bar and press enter Google like any other search engines begins it's process of providing you a list of links to resources that can best answer your question.

These list are made up of webpages that google has gathered and indexed into their servers based on the keywords in those pages.

If you don't have any web pages containing those keywords you won't get any traffic to your website. 

For this reason it's important that your website be optimized for when these searches happen so that you can appear in them more frequently and for more keywords.

### How I Can Help Optimize Your Brea, California Website

Their are a few ways of going about search engine optimization.  

Some of them include:

Content Creation: I can help you create content that's relevant to your business.  Getting traffic to your website 

Local SEO - Getting your website listed 
