---
layout: post
title:  "Get A Website in Brea, CA for $199"
permalink: /brea-california/get-website-$199/
date:   2024-02-12
categories: brea
---

Are you looking for an affordable website solution in the Brea, California area.

Hello, my name is Ruben & I think I can help.

## The Cost of A Website

Here is the cost to start a website:

Domain: **$7 - $100** A Year

Hosting: **$5 - $20** A Month

Designer: **$30 - $40** An Hour

So you're looking at about **~$100** A year just for the basic requirements.  Then you have to spend unknown amount of money to get your website too look the exact way you want it too hiring a web designer. 

### Site Builders

The other option are site builders like Wix.  While Wix is a convenient options for building out a website the cost of 
using their services can still be a little up there in price. For a monthly subscription you're looking at about
**$16 - $59**.  

Not as expensive as a basic website but definitely up their in price, plus you have to build out everything yourself.

## My Solution - Brea, California Website for Only $199

For A One Time FEE of **$199** you can get the exact website you want.

My solutions offers a **FREE** domain and **FREE** hosting. 

On top of that I'll also design up to 5 custom pages that are hand tailored for your business.

Not only will you get the basic requirements.

### The Benefits

**Cost**
So instead of paying monthly you just pay a one time fee.

**Design**
Rather than relying on templates every other website has you get the custom look
you've always wanted.  You give you're references and I'll make them look exactly like that.

### Call Now & Let's Start Working on the Website You've Always Wanted



